📝 Improve get started docs (#2416)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/layouts/shortcodes/get-started/connect-service.md

> ## Connect database to app

Author: The structure is purposefully not introduced here as a separate concept. It's introduced as a means to an end. Any time a file is needed, it should be introduced with where it should be placed. That way people can see the structure as a way to accomplish their goals, which should make it more meaningful. In general, the idea is to move away from presenting the structure/files as the main thing to learn.

Yes, I'd already planned to move the comment about needing a code base to the first page. That should have been clearer.

## Connect database to app

Now connect the database to your app.

<div x-show="stack === 'php' || stack === 'nodejs' || stack === 'python'">

First, add the Platform.sh Config Reader library to make the connection easier.

<div x-show="stack === 'php'">

```bash
composer require platformsh/config-reader
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'nodejs'">

```bash
npm install platformsh-config
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'python'">
  
```bash
pip install platformshconfig
```

</div>

Then connect to the database in your app using the library.

> You can choose where to do this that makes sense in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose where to do this, depending on what makes sense for your app.
```

Author: I like it much better, just without the comma.

## Connect database to app

Now connect the database to your app.

<div x-show="stack === 'php' || stack === 'nodejs' || stack === 'python'">

First, add the Platform.sh Config Reader library to make the connection easier.

<div x-show="stack === 'php'">

```bash
composer require platformsh/config-reader
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'nodejs'">

```bash
npm install platformsh-config
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'python'">
  
```bash
pip install platformshconfig
```

</div>

Then connect to the database in your app using the library.

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'php'">

```php
{{ readFile "static/files/fetch/examples/php/mysql" }}
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'nodejs'">

```js
{{ readFile "static/files/fetch/examples/nodejs/mysql" }}
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'python'">

```python
{{ readFile "static/files/fetch/examples/python/mysql" }}
```

</div>

<div x-show="stack === 'golang'">

> ```python

Reviewer 2: :clipboard:
Highlighting is for python and not golang.

> {{ readFile "static/files/fetch/examples/golang/mysql" }}

Reviewer 2: :lady_beetle:
The outputted file did some character escape, for example with `"` compared to [the original file.](https://github.com/platformsh/platformsh-docs/blob/main/docs/static/files/fetch/examples/golang/mysql)

```

</div>

> <div x-show="stack === 'java'">

Reviewer 2: :lady_beetle:
Globally speaking, the java logo is not displayed correctly.

Author: The Java logo isn't present. It seemed to be copyrighted, unlike the others.

```python

> {{ readFile "static/files/fetch/examples/golang/mysql" }}

Reviewer 2: :lady_beetle:
The example is for java, but the code is for golang.
Highlighting is python.
